Today was a good day. I have the day off from work, and did waste a decent amount of time in the morning getting nothing done.
The Biggest thing I did do is write a JS script to start unliking my liked tweets. Now I have never liked anything too controversial, but there is over 26,000 likes over my decade of being on twitter. The code looked like this:

function nextUnlike() {
return document.querySelector('[data-testid="unlike"]')
}

function wait(ms) {
return new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, ms))
}

async function removeAll() {
let count = 0
let next = nextUnlike()
while (next) {
next.focus()
next.click()
console.log(`Unliked ${++count} tweets`)
await wait(count % 50 === 0 ? 30000 : 2000)
next = nextUnlike()
}
console.log('Out of unlikes, count =', count)
}

removeAll()

Now the timeout will take some time between the tweets, but I made sure to add a 30 second delay every 50 unlikes just so I dont get flagged with a 403 responce.

I spent most of my day not doing too much activity. Later in the day, I got into the flow of studying ECON. When I get into this flow, I always come back to the realization that I enjoy focusing on things I know are developing my future goals.
I have been brainstorming some ways on how to get into that flow again. So far, my best idea is doing a code problem. This will allow me to solve something that gets me into the mood. The other big thing, is to use the right music too. Any weird lo-fi on youtube will work.
Other than that, I had a good day. Can not wait to continue this progressive mindset and flow to each and everyday.